Dataset doc: add warning about __setitem function (#1331)
h5py/h5py: docs/high/dataset.rst

   Currently h5py does not support nested compound types, see :issue:`1197` for
   more information.

Multiple indexing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Indexing a dataset once loads a numpy array into memory.
If you try to index it twice to write data, you may be surprised that nothing

> seems to have happened:

Reviewer: Shouldn't these end in a double colon (`::`)

Reviewer 2: Doesn't seem to be needed - I think Spinx recognises the `>>>` markers.

Reviewer: Ahh ok

   more information.

.. warning::

>     Dataset item getter returns new numpy.ndarray. Some might find the following behavior surprising:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't quite read right - can you expand it a bit? I'm happy to have a go as a native english speaker if you prefer.

>     Dataset item getter returns new numpy.ndarray. Some mind find the following behavior 'unexpected':

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Dataset item getter returns new numpy.ndarray. Some might find the following behavior surprising:

   >>> a = 1

>    >>> b = np.zeros(shape=(2,2))

Reviewer 2: b is unused? And I think it's clearer for the examples to use a literal number `1` rather than a variable `a`.

   >>> f = h5py.File(file_path, 'w') as f
   >>> dset = f.create_dataset("test",(2,2))
   >>> dset[0][1] = a
   >>> print(dset[0][1])
   >>> 0

>    dset[0] returns an in memory array. This mean that the set item operation ('[1]') will be operate in this in memory array.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   dset[0] returns an in-memory array. This mean that the set item operation (``[1]``) will be operate on in-memory array, not the on-disk dataset
```

   This is equivalent to:

>    >>> new_array = dset[1]

Reviewer 2: You switch from using coordinates `0, 1` to `1, 1` at this point.

I think it would be clearest to use two different coordinates, and a third number for the value you're setting.
